
Alright, here is what I remember about setting up a local server for both Apache and MySQL. Regarding installing XAMPP, you should look on the internet rather than ask me (David); I installed XAMPP on my computer a while ago and have forgotten everything about the process. However, if you encounter any issues after installing XAMPP, feel free to ask me about it.

0. Download "products.sql" and the folder labelled "Webstore"

1. Download XAMPP
	https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html

2. Install XAMPP

3. Run XAMPP. An icon of the XAMPP logo in the lower right of your taskbar should show up. Right click it and select "Show/Hide".

4. A window should pop up. Click the "Start" buttons next to "Apache" and "MySQL".

5. In your file explorer, navigate to "xampp/htdocs/". On my computer, the xampp folder is on drive C.

6. Copy the "Webstore" folder into the "htdoc" folder. Now you can access the webstore on an internet browser of your choice by
   typing "localhost/Webstore" into the browser address bar.

7. Back on the XAMPP control panel, click on the "Admin" button next to MySQL. This should open up a new tab in your default web browser.

8. Click on the "Import" tab. You can find it by using Ctrl+F and typing in Import.

9. Click on the "Choose File" button. In the resulting window, naviagate to where you saved "test.sql" and double click on the .sql file.

10. At the bottom of the page, click on the "Go" button.

11. Click on the tab "User accounts".

12. Click on the link "Add user account".

13. Under "User name", click on "Use text field" and select "Any user".

14. Under "Host Name", click on the textbox containing "%" and type in "localhost".

15. Under "Password", click on "Use text field" and select "No password".

16. Next to "Gloval privileges", select the "Check all" box.

17. At the very bottom of the page, click the "Go" button. That should create a user account that can access any database on your computer without needing a password or a specific username.

18. On the left bar, click on "products". You should be taken to a view showing the tables in the database. Click on "products" under the "Table" heading.

19. What shows next is the table's contents. You can add new entries to the table by clicking on the "Insert" tab at the top.

You're done!